README.md, before:

# GoArrow_Data_CoD
Decal Plugin GoArrow Locations Database

For whatever reason just putting the link below in the GoArrow Update the Locations Database / URL Box does not work and gives an error.

Instead download the file using the link, save to somewhere like C:\data_cod.xml, the add that to the GoArrow Update the Locations Database / URL Box, Hit the Update Locations Database button, Let it finish, then hit the button again.

Current number of locations in database should read: 5219 (as of 11.20.2023 anyways)

---

Darktorizo's Location Database:

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Darktorizo/GoArrow_Data_CoD/master/data_cod.xml - Last File Update / Upload 11.20.2023

---

Roogon's Location Database:

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Darktorizo/GoArrow_Data_CoD/master/GAlocations.xml - Last File Update / Upload 04.15.2012

Mirror Of:

http://maps.roogon.com/downloads/GAlocations.xml - Last File Update / Upload 04.15.2012

---

# GoArrow Dungeon Maps
How I got the Dungeon Maps to work (Your Milage May Vary)

1.Modify your hosts file in Windows 10

    Open Notepad with administrator privileges.
    Browse to C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\hosts (Or paste this into the address bar)
    Open the file.
    Add:
    #Asherons Call ACMAPS for Go Arrow
    127.0.0.1 www.acmaps.com
    Save File
    
2. Download your GoArrow of choice:

Standalone
https://github.com/Darktorizo/GoArrow_Data_CoD/blob/master/GoArrow%203.0.0.0.msi

-Or-

VVS Edition
https://github.com/Darktorizo/GoArrow_Data_CoD/blob/master/GoArrow_2.5.0.0.VVS_WDM.zip

Also

https://github.com/Darktorizo/GoArrow_Data_CoD/blob/master/Dungeon_Map_Cache.zip

3. Install GoArrow <Version>

4. Unzip/Overwrite any current files in the Dungeon Map Cache Folder

5. Enter Game, Go To Dungeon, Click On GoArrow > Dungeon Tab > This Dungeon 

Dungeon Maps "Should" Open

# GoArrow Dungon Maps Alternative

https://utilitybelt.gitlab.io/

Commit message:

2024-03-27 Location Update
- Atlas: Synched data_cod.xml with Database v0.9.279
- Atlas: Active Locations now 5435!
- Dungeon Maps: 235 dungeon maps added/updated!

README.md, after:

# GoArrow_Data_CoD
Decal Plugin GoArrow Locations Database

For whatever reason just putting the link below in the GoArrow Update the Locations Database / URL Box does not work and gives an error.

Instead download the file using the link, save to somewhere like C:\data_cod.xml, the add that to the GoArrow Update the Locations Database / URL Box, Hit the Update Locations Database button, Let it finish, then hit the button again.

Current number of locations in database should read: 5435 (as of 03.27.2024 anyways)


lugielord's Location Database:

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lugielord/GoArrow_Data_CoD/master/data_cod.xml - Last File Update / Upload 03.27.2024
(insync with ACE Emulator database v0.9.279)

---

Darktorizo's Location Database:

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Darktorizo/GoArrow_Data_CoD/master/data_cod.xml - Last File Update / Upload 11.20.2023

---

Roogon's Location Database:
(Fully included in above database.)

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Darktorizo/GoArrow_Data_CoD/master/GAlocations.xml - Last File Update / Upload 04.15.2012

Mirror Of:

http://maps.roogon.com/downloads/GAlocations.xml - Last File Update / Upload 04.15.2012

---

# GoArrow Dungeon Maps
How I got the Dungeon Maps to work (Your Milage May Vary)

1.Modify your hosts file in Windows 10

    Open Notepad with administrator privileges.
    Browse to C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\hosts (Or paste this into the address bar)
    Open the file.
    Add:
    #Asherons Call ACMAPS for Go Arrow
    127.0.0.1 www.acmaps.com
    Save File
    
2. Download your GoArrow of choice:

Standalone
https://github.com/Darktorizo/GoArrow_Data_CoD/blob/master/GoArrow%203.0.0.0.msi

-Or-

VVS Edition
https://github.com/Darktorizo/GoArrow_Data_CoD/blob/master/GoArrow_2.5.0.0.VVS_WDM.zip

Also

https://github.com/Darktorizo/GoArrow_Data_CoD/blob/master/Dungeon_Map_Cache.zip (2018 baseline)
https://github.com/Darktorizo/GoArrow_Data_CoD/blob/master/Dungeon Map Cache Updates.rar (235 Added/updated maps)!!

3. Install GoArrow <Version>

4. Unzip/Overwrite any current files in the Dungeon Map Cache Folder

5. Enter Game, Go To Dungeon, Click On GoArrow > Dungeon Tab > This Dungeon 

Dungeon Maps "Should" Open

# GoArrow Dungon Maps Alternative

https://utilitybelt.gitlab.io/
